d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\bin\Debug\check.exe.config
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\bin\Debug\check.exe
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\bin\Debug\check.pdb
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.xml
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.xml
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\obj\Debug\check.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\obj\Debug\check.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\obj\Debug\check.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\obj\Debug\check.exe
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\obj\Debug\check.pdb
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\obj\Debug\check.Form1.resources
d:\mydata\huhai2.cn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\check\check\obj\Debug\check.frmLogincs.resources
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\bin\Debug\ANNTO-WORKBENCH.exe.config
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\bin\Debug\ANNTO-WORKBENCH.exe
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\bin\Debug\ANNTO-WORKBENCH.pdb
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.xml
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\obj\Debug\check.frmMain.resources
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\obj\Debug\check.frmLogincs.resources
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\obj\Debug\check.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\obj\Debug\check.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\obj\Debug\ANNTO-WORKBENCH.exe
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\obj\Debug\ANNTO-WORKBENCH.pdb
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\obj\Debug\check.frmSetting.resources
E:\HH\File\PROJECT\Csharp_WorkBench\Wmscheck\check\check\obj\Debug\check.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
